<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
		<title>Resume | Akash Kumar R — Web Portfolio</title>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<meta name="description" content="Akash's resume" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="container">
			<div id="header">
				<h1>Resume</h1>
				<p class="tagline">Experience, education, and skills</p>
			</div>

			<div id="nav">
				<ul>
					<li><a href="index.xhtml" title="Home">Home</a></li>
					<li><a href="about.xhtml" title="About">About</a></li>
					<li>
						<a class="active" href="resume.xhtml" title="Resume">Resume</a>
					</li>
					<li><a href="mywork.htm" title="My Work">My Work</a></li>
					<li><a href="contact.xhtml" title="Contact">Contact</a></li>
				</ul>
			</div>

			<div id="content">
				<h2>Akash Kumar R</h2>
				<p>
					Email:
					<a href="mailto:akashkumar210874@gmail.com"
						>akashkumar210874@gmail.com</a
					>
					· Phone: <a href="tel:9847080682">+91 98470 80682</a> ·
					<a href="Resume_Akash_Kumar_R.pdf" rel="nofollow">Download PDF</a>
				</p>

				<h3>Summary</h3>
				<p>
					Front-end developer focused on semantic markup, responsive design, and
					clean, accessible interfaces. Experienced shipping production web
					projects.
				</p>

				<h3>Experience</h3>
				<h4>Front-end Developer</h4>
				<p class="muted">See PDF for complete role and timeline</p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						Built responsive, standards-compliant websites with XHTML/CSS.
					</li>
					<li>
						Implemented accessible UI patterns and optimized page performance.
					</li>
					<li>Worked with stakeholders to deliver business outcomes.</li>
				</ul>

				<h3>Education</h3>
				<p>
					BTech Computer Science and Engineering — Government Engineering
					College Thrissur (2022–2026), Thrissur, India
				</p>

				<h3>Skills</h3>
				<ul class="columns">
					<li>
						Frontend: React, HTML, CSS, TailwindCSS, JavaScript, TypeScript
					</li>
					<li>Backend: Express.js, Django</li>
					<li>Databases: MongoDB, PostgreSQL</li>
					<li>Tools: Figma, Git</li>
					<li>Languages: C++, C, JavaScript, TypeScript</li>
				</ul>

				<h3>Projects</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<strong>Mess Management Application</strong> — React, Node, Express,
						PostgreSQL
						<ul>
							<li>
								Built core features like meal scheduling, daily student count,
								and user-based meal records.
							</li>
							<li>
								Enabled mess admins to manage users, attendance, and bills with
								a mobile-friendly UI.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>
						<strong>Sparsham Arimpur</strong> — React, Node, Express, MongoDB
						<ul>
							<li>
								Delivered visual insights (age distribution, ration stats,
								disease trends, motorability reports).
							</li>
							<li>
								Role-based access for local administrators; hosted at
								<a href="https://sparshamarimpur.in/" rel="nofollow"
									>sparshamarimpur.in</a
								>.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>
						<strong>Udyama 1.0 Conclave Website</strong> — React, Node, Express,
						MongoDB
						<ul>
							<li>
								Enabled idea submissions, reviews, event tracking, and
								certificate generation.
							</li>
							<li>
								Automated event workflows; live at
								<a href="https://udyamadtekerala.in/" rel="nofollow"
									>udyamadtekerala.in</a
								>.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>
						<strong>Student Tutor Management Portal</strong> — React, Django,
						PostgreSQL
						<ul>
							<li>
								Implemented class scheduling, calendar views, test creation, and
								grading with RESTful APIs for Admin/Tutor/Student roles.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</div>

			<div id="footer">
				<p>© <span id="year">2025</span> Akash. All rights reserved.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
